gekkio_tests:
mooneye-gb_hwtests\utils\bootrom_dumper.gb: aborted halt infinite loop
mooneye-gb_hwtests\utils\dump_boot_hwio.gb: pass
mooneye-gb_hwtests\misc\boot_div-A.gb: fail
mooneye-gb_hwtests\misc\boot_div-cgb0.gb: fail
mooneye-gb_hwtests\misc\boot_div-cgbABCDE.gb: fail
mooneye-gb_hwtests\misc\boot_hwio-C.gb: fail
mooneye-gb_hwtests\misc\boot_regs-A.gb: fail
mooneye-gb_hwtests\misc\boot_regs-cgb.gb: fail
mooneye-gb_hwtests\misc\ppu\vblank_stat_intr-C.gb: fail
mooneye-gb_hwtests\misc\bits\unused_hwio-C.gb: fail
mooneye-gb_hwtests\manual-only\sprite_priority.gb: timeout
mooneye-gb_hwtests\emulator-only\mbc5\rom_16Mb.gb: aborted infinite rst lockup
mooneye-gb_hwtests\emulator-only\mbc5\rom_1Mb.gb: aborted infinite rst lockup
mooneye-gb_hwtests\emulator-only\mbc5\rom_2Mb.gb: aborted infinite rst lockup
mooneye-gb_hwtests\emulator-only\mbc5\rom_32Mb.gb: aborted infinite rst lockup
mooneye-gb_hwtests\emulator-only\mbc5\rom_4Mb.gb: aborted infinite rst lockup
mooneye-gb_hwtests\emulator-only\mbc5\rom_512kb.gb: aborted infinite rst lockup
mooneye-gb_hwtests\emulator-only\mbc5\rom_64Mb.gb: aborted infinite rst lockup
mooneye-gb_hwtests\emulator-only\mbc5\rom_8Mb.gb: aborted infinite rst lockup
mooneye-gb_hwtests\emulator-only\mbc2\bits_ramg.gb: pass
mooneye-gb_hwtests\emulator-only\mbc2\bits_romb.gb: pass
mooneye-gb_hwtests\emulator-only\mbc2\bits_unused.gb: pass
mooneye-gb_hwtests\emulator-only\mbc2\ram.gb: pass
mooneye-gb_hwtests\emulator-only\mbc2\rom_1Mb.gb: pass
mooneye-gb_hwtests\emulator-only\mbc2\rom_2Mb.gb: pass
mooneye-gb_hwtests\emulator-only\mbc2\rom_512kb.gb: pass
mooneye-gb_hwtests\emulator-only\mbc1\bits_bank1.gb: pass
mooneye-gb_hwtests\emulator-only\mbc1\bits_bank2.gb: pass
mooneye-gb_hwtests\emulator-only\mbc1\bits_mode.gb: pass
mooneye-gb_hwtests\emulator-only\mbc1\bits_ramg.gb: pass
mooneye-gb_hwtests\emulator-only\mbc1\multicart_rom_8Mb.gb: fail
mooneye-gb_hwtests\emulator-only\mbc1\ram_256kb.gb: pass
mooneye-gb_hwtests\emulator-only\mbc1\ram_64kb.gb: pass
mooneye-gb_hwtests\emulator-only\mbc1\rom_16Mb.gb: fail
mooneye-gb_hwtests\emulator-only\mbc1\rom_1Mb.gb: pass
mooneye-gb_hwtests\emulator-only\mbc1\rom_2Mb.gb: pass
mooneye-gb_hwtests\emulator-only\mbc1\rom_4Mb.gb: pass
mooneye-gb_hwtests\emulator-only\mbc1\rom_512kb.gb: pass
mooneye-gb_hwtests\emulator-only\mbc1\rom_8Mb.gb: fail
mooneye-gb_hwtests\acceptance\add_sp_e_timing.gb: pass
mooneye-gb_hwtests\acceptance\boot_div-dmg0.gb: fail
mooneye-gb_hwtests\acceptance\boot_div-dmgABCmgb.gb: fail
mooneye-gb_hwtests\acceptance\boot_div-S.gb: fail
mooneye-gb_hwtests\acceptance\boot_div2-S.gb: fail
mooneye-gb_hwtests\acceptance\boot_hwio-dmg0.gb: fail
mooneye-gb_hwtests\acceptance\boot_hwio-dmgABCmgb.gb: fail
mooneye-gb_hwtests\acceptance\boot_hwio-S.gb: fail
mooneye-gb_hwtests\acceptance\boot_regs-dmg0.gb: fail
mooneye-gb_hwtests\acceptance\boot_regs-dmgABC.gb: pass
mooneye-gb_hwtests\acceptance\boot_regs-mgb.gb: fail
mooneye-gb_hwtests\acceptance\boot_regs-sgb.gb: fail
mooneye-gb_hwtests\acceptance\boot_regs-sgb2.gb: fail
mooneye-gb_hwtests\acceptance\call_cc_timing.gb: pass
mooneye-gb_hwtests\acceptance\call_cc_timing2.gb: pass
mooneye-gb_hwtests\acceptance\call_timing.gb: pass
mooneye-gb_hwtests\acceptance\call_timing2.gb: pass
mooneye-gb_hwtests\acceptance\div_timing.gb: pass
mooneye-gb_hwtests\acceptance\di_timing-GS.gb: fail
mooneye-gb_hwtests\acceptance\ei_sequence.gb: pass
mooneye-gb_hwtests\acceptance\ei_timing.gb: pass
mooneye-gb_hwtests\acceptance\halt_ime0_ei.gb: fail
mooneye-gb_hwtests\acceptance\halt_ime0_nointr_timing.gb: pass
mooneye-gb_hwtests\acceptance\halt_ime1_timing.gb: pass
mooneye-gb_hwtests\acceptance\halt_ime1_timing2-GS.gb: pass
mooneye-gb_hwtests\acceptance\if_ie_registers.gb: pass
mooneye-gb_hwtests\acceptance\intr_timing.gb: pass
mooneye-gb_hwtests\acceptance\jp_cc_timing.gb: pass
mooneye-gb_hwtests\acceptance\jp_timing.gb: pass
mooneye-gb_hwtests\acceptance\ld_hl_sp_e_timing.gb: pass
mooneye-gb_hwtests\acceptance\oam_dma_restart.gb: pass
mooneye-gb_hwtests\acceptance\oam_dma_start.gb: fail
mooneye-gb_hwtests\acceptance\oam_dma_timing.gb: pass
mooneye-gb_hwtests\acceptance\pop_timing.gb: pass
mooneye-gb_hwtests\acceptance\push_timing.gb: pass
mooneye-gb_hwtests\acceptance\rapid_di_ei.gb: pass
mooneye-gb_hwtests\acceptance\reti_intr_timing.gb: pass
mooneye-gb_hwtests\acceptance\reti_timing.gb: pass
mooneye-gb_hwtests\acceptance\ret_cc_timing.gb: pass
mooneye-gb_hwtests\acceptance\ret_timing.gb: pass
mooneye-gb_hwtests\acceptance\rst_timing.gb: pass
mooneye-gb_hwtests\acceptance\timer\div_write.gb: pass
mooneye-gb_hwtests\acceptance\timer\rapid_toggle.gb: pass
mooneye-gb_hwtests\acceptance\timer\tim00.gb: pass
mooneye-gb_hwtests\acceptance\timer\tim00_div_trigger.gb: pass
mooneye-gb_hwtests\acceptance\timer\tim01.gb: pass
mooneye-gb_hwtests\acceptance\timer\tim01_div_trigger.gb: pass
mooneye-gb_hwtests\acceptance\timer\tim10.gb: pass
mooneye-gb_hwtests\acceptance\timer\tim10_div_trigger.gb: pass
mooneye-gb_hwtests\acceptance\timer\tim11.gb: pass
mooneye-gb_hwtests\acceptance\timer\tim11_div_trigger.gb: pass
mooneye-gb_hwtests\acceptance\timer\tima_reload.gb: fail
mooneye-gb_hwtests\acceptance\timer\tima_write_reloading.gb: fail
mooneye-gb_hwtests\acceptance\timer\tma_write_reloading.gb: fail
mooneye-gb_hwtests\acceptance\serial\boot_sclk_align-dmgABCmgb.gb: fail
mooneye-gb_hwtests\acceptance\ppu\hblank_ly_scx_timing-GS.gb: fail
mooneye-gb_hwtests\acceptance\ppu\intr_1_2_timing-GS.gb: pass
mooneye-gb_hwtests\acceptance\ppu\intr_2_0_timing.gb: pass
mooneye-gb_hwtests\acceptance\ppu\intr_2_mode0_timing.gb: pass
mooneye-gb_hwtests\acceptance\ppu\intr_2_mode0_timing_sprites.gb: fail
mooneye-gb_hwtests\acceptance\ppu\intr_2_mode3_timing.gb: pass
mooneye-gb_hwtests\acceptance\ppu\intr_2_oam_ok_timing.gb: pass
mooneye-gb_hwtests\acceptance\ppu\lcdon_timing-GS.gb: fail
mooneye-gb_hwtests\acceptance\ppu\lcdon_write_timing-GS.gb: fail
mooneye-gb_hwtests\acceptance\ppu\stat_irq_blocking.gb: pass
mooneye-gb_hwtests\acceptance\ppu\stat_lyc_onoff.gb: fail
mooneye-gb_hwtests\acceptance\ppu\vblank_stat_intr-GS.gb: pass
mooneye-gb_hwtests\acceptance\oam_dma\basic.gb: fail
mooneye-gb_hwtests\acceptance\oam_dma\reg_read.gb: pass
mooneye-gb_hwtests\acceptance\oam_dma\sources-GS.gb: fail
mooneye-gb_hwtests\acceptance\interrupts\ie_push.gb: fail
mooneye-gb_hwtests\acceptance\instr\daa.gb: pass
mooneye-gb_hwtests\acceptance\bits\mem_oam.gb: fail
mooneye-gb_hwtests\acceptance\bits\reg_f.gb: pass
mooneye-gb_hwtests\acceptance\bits\unused_hwio-GS.gb: fail
total: 114
pass: 65
fail: 39
abort: 9
timeout: 1
